{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
System Design:
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 The system design has three specific modules which constitutes the whole parking system. Following are the three modules : \
\
\pard\tx20\tx189\pardeftab720\li189\fi-189\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Parking Spot 
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A. Smartphone
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 B. Controller
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 C. Sensor 
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2  \
Cloud Server:\
\pard\tx20\tx221\pardeftab720\li221\fi-222\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thinkspeak\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa61\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 INTRODUCTION\
\pard\tx761\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf2 \ulnone Radio-frequency identification (RFID) are a combination of radio broadcast technology and radar facility. It was first developed in U.S in nineteen century. RFID was first used during World War II to identify aeroplanes and fighter planes. Aeroplanes radiate signal to read an identification number that is used to differentiate between aircraft as allies or enemies. In recent years, RFID is widely used by consumers and companies globally. It is adopted by many industries, such as product tracking, toll road payment, passports, libraries, shipping and other purposes. RFID system consists of interrogators such as RFID readers and antennas and transponders (RFID tags). RFID technology uses electromagnetic field or radio waves to identify objects or livestock attached with RFID tags automatically. It is able to read the tag without line of sight which improves the efficiency of processes and ease of use. Vehicles have become the main transport in every country especially in cities. In 2017, approximate 73 million of cars were produced in the world. In urban cities, buildings are rapidly developed. It is viewed that parking plays an important role for social and economy impacts in urban development. Therefore, an efficient parking system is required in enhancing the current transportation system. Parking is a location where vehicle transit for the next destination or reach its final destination and stop for a period of time. For example, an employee will park for long hours while some users will just park for short period of time to carry out some daily activities. Therefore, the convenience of car parks influences the effectiveness of the driver and at the same time prevent unnecessary traffic in busy area. Most of the currently available parking systems use parking ticket for the collection of parking fees. The parking ticket can be in the form of prepaid scratch type which was mostly used in open parking spaces and the ticket dispenser machine type which was used mostly in shopping malls and underground/leveled parking. Our System is very easy and convenient, Initially all the vechiles will be mounted with RFID tags to identify the user as authorized person of campus .. The application also provides a add on feature to track number of vehicles parked and their history on a given date.
\f0\b\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf2 Objectives\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \
 \'95To build a real-time system to monitor the trespassing and parking of unauthorized vehicles in college campus. \
\pard\tx20\tx189\pardeftab720\li189\fi-189\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system provides the information about the available parking slots to users and administrators. \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 To provide details about the vehicle parking time. \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 To maintain the database of the registered vehicles. \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To provide alert notification to the concerned guard and administrator of the vehicles parked overnight.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \
}